Update auth-email-templates.mdx (#15716)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/auth/auth-email-templates.mdx

  The user should be brought to a page on your site where they can confirm the action by clicking a button.
  The button should contain the actual confirmation link which can be obtained from parsing the `confirmation_url={{ .ConfirmationURL }}` query parameter in the URL.

### Email Tracking

> Certain email providers may have email tracking, which results in emails sent by GoTrue being overwritten. We recommend disabling email tracking to ensure email links are not overwritten and work as expected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using an external email provider that enables "email tracking", the links inside the Supabase email templates will be overwritten and won't perform as expected. We recommend disabling email tracking to ensure email links are not overwritten.
```
